# Di-Ting--Space-Means-Assist-Wildlife-Tracking
**The "Di Ting" project participated in the 2023 Space Universities CubeSat Challenge (SUCC) and won second prize in the China Regional Finals.**

Based on mission requirements, the "Di Ting" project utilizes **aerospace platforms**, applies various implementation forms such as satellite leasing services, BeiDou short message communication services and ground station services, and customizes the use of animal tracking tags for different application scenarios to **assist with animal tracking** and **achieve ecological protection**.

Chinese President Xi Jinping pointed out that "A sound ecosystem is essential for the prosperity of civilization. We must work together to promote harmonious co-existence between man and Nature, build a community of all life on the Earth, and create a clean and beautiful world for us all". Humanity is weaved into “the rich tapestry of life that makes up our world’s biological diversity”, Secretary-General of the United Nations, António Guterres, said, “All human civilizations have been, and continue to be, built on the use of wild and cultivated species of flora and fauna, from the food we eat, to the air we breathe”.

As evidence including COVID-19 grows, any doubt about the potential impact of neglecting the health of wildlife and ecosystems on human well-being should be gone. The 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development, proposed by the United Nations, is an integrated plan of action based on an understanding of human-nature interdependencies and the importance of a healthy planet to continued human progress, to lifting all people out of poverty, and to achieving shared prosperity by 2030, which aims to stabilize the Earth’s climate, slow and reverse biodiversity loss, and conserve and sustainably utilize renewable natural resources, including those of our vast oceans, for the well-being of present and future generations. China has made active efforts to promote ecological progress and biodiversity protection and has found a path to biodiversity protection with Chinese characteristics. Going forward, China will continue to advance ecological progress, and plan its development in the context of promoting harmonious co-existence between man and Nature.

It is evident that the "Di Ting" project aligns with the current times and realities, thoroughly considers official and civil needs, achieves ideal benefits at low cost, facilitates extensive cooperation, and has outstanding advantages of being systematic, comprehensive, and uniquely innovative. Overall, the 'Di Ting' project has excellent market opportunities and significant practical value.
